                        Building TclX on Windows 95/NT

Welcome to the beta 1 release of TclX 7.6.0.

  This is an early beta release, the Win32 code is not production quality.  A
lot of work is left to do.  It is being made available for those who
want to contribute to the porting effort.

Please send mail to the authors of this port to tcl-project@neosoft.com.
There is also a mailing list, which can be used for the discussion of
issues and announcements.  To subscribe to the mailing list, send a mail
message to majordomo@grizzly.com with the body of the message containing:

        subscribe tclx-win

To send mail to the list, user tclx-win@grizzly.com.

The alpha release is available in:
        ftp://ftp.neosoft.com/pub/tcl/tclx-distrib/tclX7.6.0b1.tar.gz

To build the release:
   o You need Visual C++ 4.0 (per standard Tcl instructions).  Contributions
     of a Borland C++ makefile would be welcome (and a donation of a licensed
     copy of the current Borland C++ even more welcome).
     
   o Tcl 7.6 should be in a directory adjacent to the tclX7.6.0b1 directory
     or the paths in makefile.vc need to be changed.

   o To compile, cd to tclX7.6.0b1/tcl/win and enter the command:

        nmake -f makefile.vc

   o To run the TclX tests:

        nmake -f makefile.vc test
   
   o If you want to debug under MS Developer Studio, its easy to wrap a
     workspace around the existing makefile.vc:
        o Select File->Open
        o In the Open dialog:
            o Set the "Files of Type" field to be "All Files (*.*)"
            o Set the "Open As" field to be "Makefile"
            o Now select "tclX7.6.0b1/tcl/win/makefile.vc" using the
              standard open dialog.
        o A warning dialog will come up asking if you want to wrap a
          workspace around the makefile.  Answer "Yes'.
        o A Save As dialog will appear with the "File name" field
          default to "makefile1.mak".  Change this to be "tclx.mak".
        o Press "Save".
        o You can now use File->Open Workspace to open "tclx.mdp".

In the beta 1 release, the following restrictions apply:

    o Support is only provided for Visual C++ 4.0.

    o No wishx is built, but you should able to load the TclX DLL into a
      standard wish.

    o The following commands are not supported:
       o fork

    o The following commands are not yet implemented:
       o chmod
       o chown
       o chgrp
       o fcntl
       o link
       o kill

    o The following commands are there, but not tested, since the tests have
      not been ported.
        o signal
        o flock

    o The select command only works on sockets.
      
    o The id command is limited, only the host and process options are
      implemented

    o The dup command does not work on sockets.

    o There are probably problems with using open sockets and pipes with
      commands that operate on open files.
    
    o No support for installing TclX or setting the runtime path.  You
        
    o No 16 bit support.

    o Documentation has not been updated to indicate windows differences.

    o fork does not work, but execl creates a process and returns its
      process id.
